The coffee shop was cozy and inviting, with a warm fireplace and comfortable chairs. The friends chat and laugh over their coffees, catching up on all that's happened since they last saw each other.

"So, what's new with you guys?" Ahmed asks, taking a sip of his coffee.

"Not much," Jane replies, shrugging. "I've just been working a lot lately. Trying to save up some money so I can move out of my basement apartment."

"I've been thinking about moving out of the city," Sasha says, absently stirring her coffee. "I'm just not sure if I'm ready for that kind of change."

The friends chat and laugh over their coffees, catching up on all that's happened since they last saw each other.

The coffee shop was warm and inviting, with a cozy fireplace and comfortable chairs. The friends chatted and laughed over their coffees, catching up on all that had happened since they last saw each other. There was a sense of camaraderie and closeness in the air, as they caught up on each other's lives.

"So, what are your plans for the future?" Ahmed asked, looking at Jane and Sasha. "Are you guys going to stay in the city, or move out?"

"I'm not sure," Jane replied, shrugging. "I've been thinking about moving out of the city, but I'm not sure if I'm ready for that kind of change."

"I've been thinking about moving out of the city, but I'm not sure if I'm ready for that kind of change," Sasha said, absently stirring her coffee.

The coffee shop was warm and inviting, with a cozy fireplace and comfortable chairs. The friends chatted and laughed over their coffees, catching up on all that had happened since they last saw each other. There was a sense of camaraderie and closeness in the air, as they caught up on each other's lives.

"So, have you guys given any thought to what you're going to do after graduation?" Ahmed asked, looking at Jane and Sasha. "I'm not sure what I'm going to do yet, but I'm thinking about moving out of the city."

"I've been thinking about moving out of the city, but I'm not sure if I'm ready for that kind of change," Jane replied, shrugging.

"I've been thinking about moving out of the city, but I'm not sure if I'm ready for that kind of change," Sasha said, absently stirring her coffee.

"I don't know," Jane said, shrugging. "I haven't really thought about it much. I guess I'm just taking things one day at a time."

Sasha nodded in agreement. "I think that's the best way to approach it," she said. "There's no point in getting too far ahead of ourselves."

The friends continued to chat and laugh over their coffees, enjoying each other's company.

The coffee shop was warm and inviting, with a cozy fireplace and comfortable chairs. The friends chat and laugh over their coffees, catching up on all that's happened since they last saw each other. There was a sense of camaraderie and closeness in the air, as they caught up on each other's lives.

"You're right," Ahmed said, nodding in agreement. "There's no point in getting too far ahead of ourselves. We should just enjoy the moment."

"I guess you're right," Jane said, smiling. "It's good to just relax and enjoy the moment."

Sasha nodded in agreement. "I think that's the best way to approach it," she said. "There's no point in getting too far ahead of ourselves."

The friends continued to chat and laugh over their coffees, enjoying each other's company. They discussed their plans for the future, and agree that it's best to take things one day at a time.